docs update for dbt-sqlserver 1.2.0 (#2029)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/warehouse-profiles/mssql-profile.md

The adapter is tested with SQL Server 2017, SQL Server 2019, SQL Server 2022 and Azure SQL Database. These versions are tested with Microsoft ODBC Driver 17 and Microsoft ODBC Driver 18.

## Authentication methods & profile configuration

### Common configuration

For all the authentication methods below, the following configuration options can be set in your `profiles.yml` file:

* `driver`: The ODBC driver to use. E.g. `ODBC Driver 18 for SQL Server`
* `server`: The server hostname. E.g. `localhost`
* `port`: The server port. E.g. `1433`
* `database`: The database name.
* `schema`: The schema name. E.g. `dbo`
* `retries`: The number of automatic times to retry a query before failing. Defaults to `1`. Note that queries with syntax errors will not be retried. This setting can be used to overcome intermittent network issues.
* `encrypt`: Whether to encrypt the connection to the server. Defaults to `true`. Read more about encryption [below](#connection-encryption).
* `trust_cert`: Whether to trust the server certificate. Defaults to `false`. Read more about encryption [below](#connection-encryption).

### Connection encryption

> Microsoft made several changes in the release of ODBC Driver 18 that affects how connection encryption is configured. To accomodate these changes, dbt-sqlserver 1.2.0 or newer also changed the defaults for the `encrypt` and `trust_cert` configuration options. Both options are now always included in the connection string to the database.

Reviewer: beautiful! i'll def be linking to this in the future. worth emphasizing this with the `tip` snippet feature
```suggestion
:::tip Default settings change for MSFT ODBC Driver 18
Microsoft made several changes in the release of ODBC Driver 18 that affects how connection encryption is configured. To accommodate these changes, starting in dbt-sqlserver 1.2.0 or newer the default will be to always configure the following: `encrypt=True` and `trust_cert=False` and will always be included in the connection string to the database.
:::
```

The default value of `encrypt` is `true`, meaning that connections are encrypted by default.

The default value of `trust_cert` is `false`, meaning that the server certificate will be validated. By setting this to `true`, a self-signed certificate will be accepted.

> More details about how these values affect your connection and how they are used differently in versions of the ODBC driver can be found in the [Microsoft documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/connect/odbc/dsn-connection-string-attribute?view=sql-server-ver16#encrypt).

Reviewer: ok now i see the encryption piece is a whole section. maybe make the callout tip piece at the top of the page and link to this section instead?

* `UID`: Username used to authenticate. This can be left out depending on the authentication method.
* `PWD`: Password used to authenticate. This can be left out depending on the authentication method.
* `windows_login`: Set this to `true` to use Windows authentication. This is only available for SQL Server.
* `tenant_id`: The tenant ID of the Azure Active Directory instance. This is only used when connecting to Azure SQL with a service principal.
* `client_id`: The client ID of the Azure Active Directory service principal. This is only used when connecting to Azure SQL with an AAD service principal.
* `client_secret`: The client secret of the Azure Active Directory service principal. This is only used when connecting to Azure SQL with an AAD service principal.
* `encrypt`: Set this to `false` to disable the use of encryption. Defaults to `true`. See [above](#connection-encryption).
* `trust_cert`: Set this to `true` to trust the server certificate. Defaults to `false`. See [above](#connection-encryption).
* `retries`: The number of times to retry a failed connection. Defaults to `1`.

> * `auto_provision_aad_principals`: Set this to `true` to automatically provision AAD principals for Azure SQL. Defaults to `false`. See [above](#automatic-aad-principal-provisioning-for-grants).

Reviewer: can this be a table?
